Adds play-cluster-sharding (Akka Typed) (#9503)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/working/javaGuide/main/akka/JavaClusterSharding.md

<!--- Copyright (C) 2009-2019 Lightbend Inc. <https://www.lightbend.com> -->
# Cluster Sharding for Akka Typed (experimental)

Play provides an experimental module for integration with Akka Cluster Sharding Typed. To enable this module, add `javadslClusterSharding` in your build dependencies:

> ```scala

Reviewer: Extract this to an external code snippet.

```

## Usage

After having properly included `Cluster Sharding` as a dependency, you can obtain an instance by using dependency injection.
We've provided some helpers for both runtime and compile-time dependency injection.

Note that Play is only providing the DI mechanism. The class instance that will be made available for injection is Akka's `akka.cluster.sharding.typed.javadsl.ClusterSharding`.

For more information on Akka Cluster Sharding Typed and its usage, consult [Akka's related documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html).

### Runtime dependency injection

Runtime dependency injection works as any other runtime DI module in Play. The module will be automatically included and an instance will be made available for injection.

### Compile-time dependency injection

If you're using compile-time DI, you can get have access to the `akka.cluster.sharding.typed.javadsl.ClusterSharding` instance by mix in the interface `play.javadsl.cluster.sharding.typed.ClusterShardingComponents` in your `ApplicationLoader`.

@[cluster-sharding](code/javaguide/akka/components/ComponentsWithClusterSharding.java)

## Cluster Formation

> When including this module, the application `ActorSystem` will be configured for a clustered environment. As a result, it will start [Akka Remote](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/remoting-artery.html#dependency) and bind it, by default, to port 25520.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When including this module, the application `ActorSystem` will be configured for a clustered environment. As a result, it will start [Akka Remote](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/remoting-artery.html) and bind it, by default, to port `25520` (see [Akka docs for how to configure a different port](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/remoting-artery.html#configuration)).
```
